2026-06-16 22:55:54 CST|17min 2s

Keywords:
other people、other customer success、other things、customer support、much customization、other models、other countries、other partners、custom acquisition、customer base、other kind、other agents、real customer feedback、other rights、high tech people、other region、other platforms、ideal customer profile

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
So one action that you spend money on impacts another action that leverages something you've already done or are going to do, and the whole thing works like a continuum, but just doing random isolated post with famous people or whatever. Like we work with a lot, as you know, we work a lot influencers, a lot of celebrities, and people think that's the way it works, but it doesn't really work like that in real life. So you kneel it. The first thing you need is a strategy. And that hundred percent would never work with anyone without that because otherwise, you never know if you're hitting the Mark, how you're hidden the Mark. And then if you actually hit the Mark and you want to replicate it, you can't replicate it cuz it wasn't done through strategy, right? So.

Speaker 2 00:42 
That's even just how you're gonna validate your product in any market, you know, cuz if y'all are going, if you wanna scale it in USA, you obviously need to understand how it's valid with the customer base here.

Speaker 3 00:59 
Yeah, of course, understand the ideal customer profile. So let me tell you what the people who are, that are paying us right now, right? We do have a couple of hundred customers paying us, they use us in, they're using us actively. So those are people I categorize as mid tech, not by sector, by the level of AI savviness. So my customer is not in Paralto, not on San Francisco, not in on, not in all these like high tech field places. These guys don't need us. They can figure out their open claw Hermes or the other agents themselves. They don't really need us, right? And that some of them are pretty arrogant when we pitch them. They're like, okay, come on, I have better solution than you, which I don't think they are, but they just don't feel like that way, right? So. Not high tech people, but also not mid tech, low tech people, meaning they don't even use software service solutions. They're not even digital savvy. They can't even figure out a lot of the basic digital tools. I can't really be the babysitter, like educator for those people, right? And they're not my customer anyway because they can't even use digital products.

Speaker 3 02:05 
So our target audience is mid tech business executives, knowledge workers, and obviously business owners, small media enterprises across e commerce, consumer branding, maybe gaming, maybe not. Well, we have a few gaming companies, but I don't think that's like a clear validation yet. And a bunch of other kind of industries that are really need AI workforce to improve their workflow may potentially reduce some cost, you know, could cut some, you know, fat in the organization and they really get more leads and, you know, improve their business right out altogether. Now for the sake of chasing the heights and chasing the cloud, everybody is using AI says nothing you can really chase in the hyper anymore, like being AI native, whatnot. Like everybody saying that, but no, who cares, right? You know, it's too much. It's commodity now. So it's really just come back to the economic value, what we can bring value to them. Yeah, so to getting more even more concrete, right? The reason the mid tech company are using us because the open claw, Herme or whatever agents available in the market, it's all information silos. It is not a enterprise workflow in high level products.

Speaker 1 03:21 
Meaning they're paying.

Speaker 2 03:22 
For, they're basically purchasing out come with you, then I just trying to purchase the technology that they can buy in all the other platforms is actually the outcome that comes from yours.

Speaker 3 03:32 
Yeah, they wanna outcome. Obviously, you know, business wise, we can't really guarantee every single clients we will generate the outcome, right? It's like this. It's like chicken egg problem, right? If they don't collaboratively work with us to do the work, to use the product, there's nothing we can do to help them. And certainly, some of the business is difficult to really be the lifesaver for them, right? You know, so, you know, there's some expectation to manage, but if there's no value or no outcome, we can generate it for them whatsoever. And then they will perceive as like we're not valuable. Like a lot of my customer are not AI savvy. So they couldn't care less about whatever AI, SCI fi, Frankenstein people are doing. Like they couldn't care less about anthropic evaluation. Like they don't care. Like that's my customer.

Speaker 3 04:17 
So a lot of educate to sell is happening. I'm invited on a lot of, you know, speech in, you know, places, you know, even on university lectures, right? Be the AI. I don't, I hate to say the word professor. I'm not a professor, but they want to hear me talk, right? They show the use cases, show how is using my AI to do what specific you specific stuff. And that's the valuable content people wants to relay. Oh, so these people are paying you to do this and getting this value. What about me then? That's the meaningful conversation I need to replicate like a million time and, you know, to get the sale. Yeah, better. Okay.

Speaker 1 04:58 
Understood. So how do you want to work in your ideal sense? Like what works for you? How do you want to move this forward? Obviously, from the perspective of all the things you need, obviously, I'm thinking you already are aware that we can potentially help with all book. Open items that you have. The question is, oh.

Speaker 3 05:20 
How, yeah, go about it. So, and not.

Speaker 1 05:22 
Just we go about it, what kind of budgets are we working with to take it, how far? Sure. How, you know what I mean? That's like the.

Speaker 3 05:31 
So let me, yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Cassie, I have a few models I'm already working with other partners, right? So I want to share with you and maybe you can pick and choose. And obviously we can customize in our situation because you know, everybody is unique, right? And it's US market is different.

Speaker 3 05:48 
So I'm working with a few affiliates in Malaysia, in Japan, in Korea, in other region. They have huge network business wise. They're working. I've been serving, doing, offering their service to all kinds of smart media enterprise for many years. Same as you guys, right? You have done this for many years and you know your customer base and your clients and brands and so on. So they start as affiliate, meaning every single sale they bring to us. And we do the custom, you know, a custom acquisition, customer support, right? You know, ecosystem, customer success and whatnot, but the early demand validation, pain points analysis, right? And then also the actual, you know, client awareness, right, needs to be done by our affiliate. Once we properly engage with the client, we start, you know, writing proposals and actually they like to what we do, they actually start actually sign up, right? Subscribe our model. Then every single sale we generate from the clients bring to the affiliate, we share revenue, right? That's the easiest setup to start with. So we're doing that with a few affiliates already. Start from airplane is 5% and our pro Progress Pro account is 10%. But that's like the minimum basic kind of version, meaning the affiliate wouldn't need to do anything after they introduce us. That is technically nothing.

Speaker 3 07:05 
Then we have some deeper engagement with a few partners. They actually can help on some custom support and can partially support us on the client's success. And that's the most important thing, right? You know, you know, if we don't get a help from affiliates, we need to hire somebody to do that anyway. And in house, because if the clients using us, we cannot really put extra efforts, go above and beyond to make sure they get what they want, become successful by using us, then it's not a long term high lifetime value customer because, you know, if we just don't care about them anymore after a while, they probably gonna cancel us. It's hard to really build this loyalty custom base without a custom support and a custom success, right? So that's a kind of different model, which we probably pay retainer. Obviously, we, it may be also share higher on the revenue fees, but it needs to be clear scope on how the partner can help us for the customer success, right? Because we don't, if we don't get that, we need to hire somebody to do that anyway. So that's like, there's nothing we can cut in corner, you know, just to hope, oh, the customer can figure them out. And we just, you know, just keep getting revenue every month from them. Yeah, that doesn't happen that way.

Speaker 2 08:24 
Would that be part of like one of your, I guess, one of your phases in these other countries? Like, are you establishing like a country manager and then yes, to like a summer support team, then like maybe even like an engineering team. And so sales team, XYZ.

Speaker 3 08:41 
We are working with like very big system integrator team in Japan. And I was in Tokyo for event and I met them and I went to their office. They're working with big company like Self Bank, you know, Soft Bank and you know, Kodamo and so on. Those people I will never get chance to really. Talk to them. I don't even speak Japanese. I don't have those connection, right? And they know them for over 10 years. And I know they have the engineering team and sales team. They're doing sales for many, even a year. So I don't need to train the team. Obviously, they need don't have the product that we have, right? They can build by themself. So yeah, so we're getting, we're finalizing our agreement with P Team, like them, you know, they are our country manager.

Speaker 3 09:20 
We have some exclusivity. We can assign with them at least like six or even 12 months in Japan in certain industry. Whatever clients we talk to, hope they find us in online. Fine or people introduce us, we will funnel to them and they help us to close and they maintain those relationship as a kind of a country level account director team, right? And then all these revenue come from those clients. You know, we obviously will attribute all these like revenue share to them, so on, but they need to help us for the follow UPS, for the training, you know, other customer success and stuff. Yeah, so I don't need to hire a person full time and build a Japanese team myself.

Speaker 2 10:00 
Right here. We're looking more of that go to market strategic partner that, you know, basically they're gonna be able to establish your local presence.

Speaker 3 10:11 
And yes.

Speaker 2 10:13 
You know, just carry out the support with your customers, ensure their success.

Speaker 3 10:17 
Yeah, cuz we are b to B, right? We need those local team boots on the ground. I can fly over for events and events, but I cannot be there, you know, all the time. And I, I, and I don't think I can keep hiring people full time in house, right? Every single country, you know, start from some affiliates.

Speaker 2 10:35 
Yeah, it's not, it's not, I mean, obviously doesn't add to the revenue side with that much overhead. So just again, having most strategic partners are ref sharing obviously is bringing dollars in the door and you're given just, you know, whatever that portion of that.

Speaker 3 10:49 
Carries out. Yes, it's okay.

Speaker 2 10:53 
Understood. What do you think, Kessie?

Speaker 1 10:57 
I mean, I definitely understand the approach. I have some comments, but I wanted to hear first the rest of the other models that you work with. You mentioned it there.

Speaker 3 11:05 
Yeah, so to be transparent, I think, you know, Austin is actually talking to us, but his model is a bit unique. He's a AI advisor, automation expert, whatnot. You know, he's been actively talking to us, getting our technology to become his white labor. So he charge like a premium price on top of our existing product without too much customization because we are our product can sell to us customer. We have us customer paying us in his network. You want to charge a bit premium. So he have his margin, but he doesn't need to build the whole thing by himself. So that's the white labor solution.

Speaker 3 11:49 
I've been talking to a few kind of entrepreneur, but not necessarily very, like they don't have established AI engineering team, which we have, right? We have very established 16 people, full time AI engineering team. So it's hard for people to have that kind of team because, you know, they need to raise money and build that. And good luck of competing with us. We haven't like experience already. So Austin is doing this kind of white labor model.

Speaker 3 12:12 
I have a guy from Hong Kong wants to do pretty much the same thing, you know, with their own branding, with their own UI, your own design, obviously tapping their own network. They do the sale, you know, we are just the backend feature, you know, solution for them. So that's the why labor. So.

Speaker 2 12:30 
You look, yeah, you're doing a white label for like me.

Speaker 3 12:33 
We're doing the library for proximity. That's the Austin's brand. Okay. He, yeah, he's actually talking to his, you know, networks and I wants to bring clients to himself, right? And eventually that in and indirectly bring to us. That's kind of how it works. And yeah, and then there's model like joint venture. The joint venture, I'm talking to a few funds kind of want to do that, but nothing really is serious yet. It's too early stage. And I don't wanna jump into joint venture whatnot from the beginning. Right. You know, David, it was like.

Speaker 1 13:06 
They'll highly suggest you do not.

Speaker 3 13:07 
Do that. Yes. That was kind of a bit more like putting me a bit uncomfortable, like even a red flag when David, when I called him three months ago, first time, he was like, hey, Charlie, you know, you have money, I have money. Let's just put together as partner and we be the joint venture. You know, we conquer this US market together as a partner and equity shareholder. I'm like, maybe not yet, right? That was David. He's, he said on the first call. Oh boy.

Speaker 2 13:37 
I mean, he got some balls.

Speaker 3 13:39 
Well, that, maybe that's the way he works, right? I don't know. I don't judge, but that was the fact. And I don't necessarily have that kind of model with anybody yet. I don't want to make it too complicated in terms of my cap table, whatnot. Why I'm going to present to a lot of serious vcs like couple months later.

Speaker 1 13:58 
You can also keep the allocation open for the potential for that. But yeah, just keep the allocation open. But you gotta see something. Yes, like I would, obviously, having a joint venture for us would be amazing, but we wouldn't just go and be like, hey, give us joint venture and give us this right now. That doesn't give any sense from a real business perspective. What would wanna say is, okay, let's figure out which of these models or, and I already see a combination that we wanna work with to figure out because the budget really determines, right? We can go fast and hard or we can go medium and heavy. Yeah, we can go pace based on whatever it is that we can afford. But on ultimate, we just need to understand like what is the budget. But off the hand, make monthly budget kids that dedicate to this. We know that this is coming.

Speaker 3 14:44 
Can then make.

Speaker 1 14:45 
Plan around for that number, doesn't matter what the number could be, $2 and $200 million. Point is what is that number that we can make a pattern on? Based on that number, we make a pen and then we go out the pen. Our ideal situation is that whatever the number is, we deliver for you enough that, and you're comfortably enough, we get to know each other enough, right to for you to then say, oh, you know, I really want to run long term with you guys.

Speaker 3 15:13 
Yes, I don't want it.

Speaker 1 15:14 
To end. I want it to be forever. And then we talk about like equity and all of that. But I think first we gotta start where we're starting. Yes. Because in the same way that we're, you know, we also have credibility, interpretation, and I'm sure your technology, she's amazing, but we also have to hear from people. Sure.

Speaker 3 15:30 
Of course we need to get a real customer feedback, right? You know, with brutal audience feedback and all that. And our obviously test, have some smoke test, right with actual users, how they use it. Yeah, we're doing kind of that. Obviously, you know, you wanna go through some by your own hands, see, for first hand, since we talk about numbers, I will put some thoughts, you know, obviously. This is, this conversation cannot, you know, we need to take another one or even two conversation to get something, you know, get into serious contractual level if we want to, I will, I can put down some numbers. I can list out the options I mentioned, you know, which we're working with other people. We don't necessarily have anybody serious in terms of partnership, affiliates or go to market strategy partner in US yet. So potentially, you guys will be the first we open for exclusivity all the other rights.

Speaker 3 16:19 
But yeah, I know it comes down to numbers, how much? Money we can make together, right? Use your side by putting efforts and time and resources our side by supporting you guys, right, with our product, our Rev share and all the other things we need to support you. And yeah, so.

Speaker 1 16:34 
Just the basic, like before we can even get to that point, there's also just the basic of, I mean, if Steven likes to call it the gas money, right? I think, yeah, for this is also like something where everything has an expense. And if we are not starting out with a like, right, and which I don't think we should with a full on partnership with equity, then you know, that cost has to be covered somehow, right? And so that's what I'm saying is that at end of the day, it's just a matter of.

