2026-06-16 22:57:10 CST|5min 30s

Keywords:
market strategy、other market、Psychological marketing、cold market、mid market enterprises、serious marketing dollars、traction United States market、other money、initial strategy、good strategy、proper strategy、expansion strategy、July 1st、other question、other people、realistic time frame、enough time、September 1st

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Testing, seeing the feedback, changing , moving  around, figuring out, you know, by the end of 30 days, we're gonna get to some sort of a draft go to market strategy. That's gonna take another probably two to three months to perfect. So obviously we're moving, we're onboarding, we're reaching out to clients, we're educating, we're doing the all the things that we decide to do within the scope of whatever we decide. But to get to a really foolproof, like bulletproof fantasy, I think this is it. This is what's gonna work. This is what we're gonna run with and put PR money and all this other money, right? That's a three month window. Let's just be real clear.

Speaker 2 00:34 
About that. Makes sense. And you're talking about where you wanna.

Speaker 1 00:37 
Be in September. If you wanna be where you wanna be in September, we're now in June. Let's say we're take another two weeks to make it again. How long, how fast?

Speaker 2 00:45 
So September is globally, right? And I think for us, I know I'm, I'm at my expectation, I need to manage myself, you know, for to get something meaningful, even some traction United States market will be even before Christmas.

Speaker 1 00:59 
There's nowhere we're gonna get to Dublin.

Speaker 2 01:01 
Flow. Yeah, not come from US market. Yeah, we'll come from other market. But anything we can achieve needs to be end of this year or something like that, right? Yeah, but we're in.

Speaker 1 01:10 
June still. And let's say take you, I don't know how slow or fast you make decisions, but let's say it takes you another two weeks. So we're contracting maybe July 1st or something, right? So we have July the first, third year. So July top, August 1st, we're like in this mode of like finding our way, seeing what works through arts and our clients and our potentials and see what stick, how are people, there's, you know, data collection. Okay.

Speaker 2 01:37 
They call it. Okay, then we're sounds good. All good.

Speaker 1 01:40 
First, all good to September 1st. Now really like seriously going deeper, onboarding and then refining the strategy with the data that we've collected about what work, what didn't work. And then we're taking that and doing the expansion strategy for what will then overlap, not just in specific areas where we're testing our people or companies we're testing, but not just a broader like cold market, we're just going out there to go for everybody. You can catch the whole bag. So you're looking at this realistically. I'm just giving you realistic time frame cuz I'm a very realistic person.

Speaker 2 02:12 
Yeah, to be make sense. Yeah, at the.

Speaker 1 02:14 
End of September is when we're gonna have a proper strategy. If we start on July 1st, just be clear, and then we have like two quarters to run real hard with a good strategy. Okay, enough of PR and really serious marketing dollars behind.

Speaker 3 02:27 
I think even just the initial strategy is the same thing that you've done again, you're just going to a close family of friends. Again, if we're really searching out the, you know, these mid market enterprises, then again, it gives us enough time and enough know how even with those resources that we already have to make assessments and refine things like Cassie saying by, you know, September and really hit the ground running to close up the year.

Speaker 2 02:57 
Right. Okay.

Speaker 1 02:58 
Well, Charlie, well, I will never do this blue stuff to smoke up your ass. I don't know how you talk to other people, but I always want to make sure we're on the reality train. Yes.

Speaker 3 03:06 
Sometimes it's a little rude. Sometimes it comes.

Speaker 2 03:08 
Up a little. No, it's good. We need to be a bur honest, right? We're the entrepreneur world. Yeah, we need to be real to ourself. And I like, I love that. And that's the reason I'm chai, I'm chasing you guys, right? I wanted to work with you guys, figure out the way. There's a lot of people who would just reply to me and I know that's not real. Yeah, I met a lot of those kind of people.

Speaker 1 03:28 
I know. I can only present.

Speaker 2 03:30 
Yes, the.

Speaker 3 03:32 
Psychological marketing in America is much different.

Speaker 2 03:37 
There's a lot of nice words to be said, but you know, maybe not real. Sometimes I feel that. Okay, yeah, thanks. I gonna meet around to next meeting. Thanks for your time. Really appreciate it. I'll get back to you on the some of the numbers and options, you know, any other question you guys have, let me know any information you guys can wanna share would be very helpful as well. Okay.

Speaker 1 03:57 
Alright, no problem. Sounds good.

Speaker 2 03:58 
Thank you much. Yeah. Talk to you. Bye bye.

